# Quantle Privacy Policy

Quantle is a digital presentation coach. When in use, it processes smartphone's audio data in real time to estimate talk characteristics: pace, pause duration, pitch and power. Quantle does processing locally and can work in the flight mode. 

It respects your privacy and neither stores the audio (if not explicitely asked to do so) nor communicates any of its parts (never). Microphone data is processed in chunks and destroyed immediately afterwards. This design has three implications: (1) Quantle does not interfere with the surrounding presentation hardware, (2) it is power-aware since all network interfaces can be kept down, and (3) audio data and processing results are not shared with a third party.

Quantle allows sharing the processing results with Quantle developers if a user explicitely provides his/her consent by confirming his/her sharing intention. Sharing decision is required on per talk basis. The policy below describes the data we collect with user's consent. The collected data is used for research purposes only. We do not sell any information. This notice tells you what information we collect, how we use it, and steps we take to protect and secure it.

## 1. Information we collect

Without explicit consent we do not collect any information from Quantle users. 

As you use Quantle, you have an option to share with us your talk processing results. Providing this information is strictly optional.

### 1.1 Non-Personal Data

You can provide us your Non-Personal Data such as the date and time of the presentation, talk duration, speaker's pace, pause duration, number of syllables, words and clauses estimated.

### 1.2 Personal Data

Personal Data is anything which can be used to identify or contact you, such as speaker's name, event information, a unique ID generated by every instance of Quantle app, speaker's pitch .

### 1.3 Data Usage

Non-Personal and Personal Data which is shared with us is used for the following purposes:

* To estimate the number of users accessing the service from different social groups;
* To help improve audio processing algorithms and improve the service.

All data the users share is submitted to the [Google Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc8JE2cSuvdmUnAv2PJ8JddazDo3SlBVhFnmkdbuMC7mo9geQ/viewform), where an interested user can obtained a full list of Non-Personal and Personal Data collected by the Quantle app.

For research purposes, we may release the provided data in aggregate form (for instance, by publishing trends in app usage). We will not release individual information, only aggregate information.

## 2. Deleting your information

You can change or delete any optional information that you've provided us at any time. If you change or delete any optional information you've provided, the change will take place immediately.

## 3. Changes

We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time. A history of changes to this Policy is available via our public source code repository on [GitHub](https://github.com/osaukh/quantle_app/PRIVACY_POLICY.md). We will take reasonable steps to notify you of any substantial changes to this Policy; however, it is your responsibility to check this Policy periodically for changes.

## 4. Contacting us

If you have questions about this policy, you can contact us at chatterboxbit@gmail.com.
